as you can hear my voice take shelter
immediately as far as possible or
Apophis fell and with it doomsday began
a violation was predicted but it wasn't
welcome ladies and gentlemen's to the
inaugural episode of mutant bash TV the
greatest show on this weathered old dust
ball wherever you are in the wastelands
tune in weekly and remember come chill
with us we make it so easy let's make
this episode a highlight reel cash money
folks this seller boy can shoot like a
mother
what a great show I dare say the best
contestant this month till mutant bash
he's done a great job of surviving let's
hope our contestant
you survived this was easy but I made
next episode harder just for you